#INTRODUCTION
  
Coronavirus disease(COVID-19) have been changed our life. 
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a global pandemic. 
The rapid increase in patient numbers has caused a shortage of hospital's capabilities. 
A patient who has been infected with COVID-19 showed some symptoms such as fever, fatigue, chills, headache, myalgia, arthralgia, nausea, swelling, diarrhea, redness, and cough. 
These symptoms are used to develop an mRNA vaccine for COVID-19([1 2]). 
All signs showed a different level depend on individual patients. 


In my project, google search trend data have been used as training data. 
This is because collecting a lot of patient's private clinical data is difficult. 
However, internet users' online research activity is recorded on the internet. 
So, it offers the potential for tracking public health and people's interest. 
Moreover, we can obtain the data from google research trends and observe the change in specific keywords. 
I assume that if people have COVID-19 related symptoms, they will google the sign and covid. 
So, I have collected the data from google trend using keywords individually('symptom + covid"). 
The google trend gives a time series ranging from 0 to 100, which corresponds to the query term's search intensity. 
Since Google Trend data is already processed by Google(7), It is not easy to predict the actual number of the patient. 

However, by simplify the data increase and decrease, we can reduce the complexity and expect the increase and decrease. 
By using the daily searching trend, I calculated the increase and decrease of the searching trend. 

If the google trend 'fever covid' value is 46 on April 18 and 34 on April 17, 
I set google trend values is increased, '1'.(Orange, TABLE1) and if it is decreased, I set it as '0'.


The number of COVID-19 Cases data is used from the CDC's daily trends cases. 
I judged the increase and decrease of the daily patient by comparing seven days after searching. 
For example, on April 16, the 'fever covid' search trend increased, '1', then we compare today's patient number increase and seven days after the patient number increase. 
If 7days after patients are growing, the predicted number of patients is increased('1') on April 17. (Yellow, TABLE1). 



Reference
[1] L. A. Jackson et al., An mRNA Vaccine against SARS-CoV-2 — Preliminary Report. New England Journal of Medicine 383, 1920-1931 (2020).
[2] 2.	M. J. Mulligan et al., Phase I/II study of COVID-19 RNA vaccine BNT162b1 in adults. Nature 586, 589-593 (2020)
